it's 50 80 hd sport that you're fine
after a new video on the channel
the review of roanne cuadrado the skinner
that we come who plays on the side of the
fiorentina a very good player you go
see it through this review you have
assigned herself aims so many challenges I
So invite you to pause for
a master in art can observe them at
team level this is exactly the
same team during the review or
previous that of marco reus
note that there are still some clips
that are alike in being given
there are passes from both brands to
Russian cuadrado to or exceed
two cuadrado for marco reus is rather
in this sense, by the way, so the
cuadrado what can we say about
him I'm going to start by talking about his
price its price is between 25000 and
35000 credit following the consoles this is
a rather high price that's true for a
single player
but I found them very powerful
so I found them very good at
a single post and that's how I
will start this review
so when you could see jelly game
in a 4 3 tomorrow had some of that
really the post where I found he
was the best game test them in
3.3 cases in ad and in
devices where he is in middle right and
I found it really mean and
oddly there in this device
this case 3 2 1 where the wingers are over
refocused in the lax are more in the lax
I found that he was really very
very good so if I have to you the
advise her in this device there
where I found them really at the top
so at the level of these negative points
now because he still has some
some his stats in strength he at 1.64
in force he still move enough
easily at the shoulder he has a small 77
in balance that compensates for time in
time but it's true that it stata in
force makes him move really
too easily and in some
situations it can still pose some
problems and finally so his head game
even though good there you see I mark a
goal of the head rather nice since there is
a defender on him his head game
still remains
really bison he in 59 years precision of
head and also in jump he 's 60 years old at
so a really very very relaxing
low which prevents us from taking
still a lot of balloons from the
head there the goal of the head will not be
if it was dropped the ball was dropped
on his head because if you look
well he does not even need to jump so
we now go to the pros positive of the
king cuadrado already the 5 stars gestures
techniques if this year it is also
dear is precisely because of its 5
stars technical gestures because this
year beat little what he is with him to
note that I put the three stars
bad foot in the positives
also because his left foot is
rather good and suddenly I decided to
specify I put a lot of goals with
his left foot and also move some
decisive assists earlier rather nice
so all that is going to be the aspect
technique obviously of the quadra dos and of
the slaughter the speed 93 guest on the
card it's going really very very fast I have
put in the most finish at 75 in
finish for a winger it's rather
it's nice enough it's true but its
finishing me anyway problem
in certain situations, including
I do not know he missed me stuff
there is face to face with the guardian he
just to hit hit a bit much
chosen for no purpose I do not know why
he pulls over so that's
still somewhat problematic so
as I said a certain balance 77
in equilibrium that offsets anyway
from time to time that stats in strength rather
do all that is the long aspect
shock 83 strike power 80 in one
shot
it does they send rockets they
send rockets even though I have
not marked long hot
it sends rockets there is a lot
that have not gone very far
douglas and already last clip yes I
scored a free kick with him then the
free kicks 60 the time precision shot
Frank I did not put in the points
positive
I would have more because for I mark
a free kick with a player that a stadium
rather average it's true we have the
free kick was pretty good so
you already have the record of the king cuadrado
which is displayed before your eyes so at
level of agility positives
speed the speed is really fast
finish 75 in finish for a winger
it still remains correct if there is a
boosted version I think about to
bus versions this year it cuadrado
risk of up still not bad at
level of his star in balance finish
he is really very good about his
legs from time to time anyway
it offsets finding strength loupiotes
aggressiveness to have spoken about it but at
level of aggression the often
train the ball carrier to squeeze
the basis is that they play and he has
start
right back if I say no nonsense
it seems to me that he played back right
in the past and suddenly bah is
maybe that's why he has leftovers
aggressiveness in his stats
three states the wrong foot his foot
left which is rather good despite its
three star positioning very very
easy to find on the ground this is
still a big positive point the
pass quality I did not talk about it but
it really sends caviars that this
either the centers the passes in
depth passes lobed passes
short frankly really a very
very good smuggler the five- star gestures
techniques obviously that's why
we take two quadras back and for that
that he is and his punching power he
hits very very hard and so in the
negative points
so forth I help you jump I help you
remains a little bit secondary for a
wank anyway but it feels like
children which poses any problem
in certain situations and so you
strike out with 17 games 17 goals
and 10 assists ya not all
goals and all the assists I
apologize for that, but because there is actually
some matches where I was not filming so
I do not have to keep everything
that was 29.91 hd I hope that
this review of roanne cuadrado has you
it's too fast to call do not hesitate
to put 1 blue thumbs dropped a
comment to share this video
friends and family to everyone we get
will find again soon for a new
review I really do not know what he's going
to be in the team of the week who
fate today at the moment the video
will be released it will already be available but if
a hassine look shape I think you
do the review of the wolf cassine form I
want to say next and I was taking
care of yourself by everyone